we shouldn't waste any more time and
just ask how did Christopher Walken like
the film there we go yes yes yeah
cut to the chase I'm in agreeance that
speaking of jumping the shark um Wow
I'll telling you what I'm first one end
and took my reserve scene that's the
only way I'll go to the moving pitches
these days is by having a reserved seat
I find it's better that way I show up
minute before it starts any time day and
night I just stroll in you know oh
there's my seat but once I was in my
reserved seat the whole experience went
in the shitter that was the highlight
that there was a seat waiting for me no
III think Robert Downey jr. is an
exceptional talent and and maybe the
character he plays Tony Stark is one of
his greatest and also it's one of my
favorites from the cinema now between
charm and and arrogance it's a very
difficult thing to play I'll tell you
quite honestly and he does it
beautifully but now the suit is flying
on its own and it's attaching itself to
things and the hand of the machine comes
off and smacks somebody on its own what
the fuck is happening
you've crossed the line of any sort of
logic I'll go with you for a while that
he made a machine where he can put his
hands out who is in the air now I'll go
with you that thought put those hands
then can't come off and punch somebody
on their own you fuck yourself that in a
nutshell